Review diagnostic plots vignette (#90)
FRBCesab/funbiogeo: vignettes/diagnostic-plots.Rmd

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment  = "#>"
)
```

`funbiogeo` contains many plotting functions. They have multiple goals: (1)
propose good default plots to inspect and represent your data, (2) provide easy
plotting methods for complex objects (automatically display maps from spatial
objects), and (3) provide plotting methods for computed functional diversity
metrics in other packages. This vignette explains in detail all
plotting functions available in `funbiogeo`, how to use them and how to
interpret them.

Some of these plotting functions use different data inputs and some of them can deal with species categorization, i.e. 

> displaying information by each category of species (family, order, endemism status, etc.). We detail the needed inputs in the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
displaying information by each category of species (family, order, endemism status, etc.). We detail the standard needed inputs in the table below, the "Additional input" column represents needed input that are not the other standard tables specified by the other columns.
```

wouldn't necessarily translate in low site-level trait coverage.

### Plotting the number of sites by species

The function `fb_plot_number_sites_by_species()` allows to explore the site by 
species `data.frame`. It shows the number (and proportion) of sites occupied by
each species. Its first argument `site_species`, the site by species `data.frame` 
is necessary while the second one `threshold_sites_proportion`, a target 
proportion of sites coverage, is optional.

```{r plot-sites-coverage-species}
fb_plot_number_sites_by_species(site_species)
```

> The function outputs a dotchart. The number of sites is indicated at the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function outputs a dotchart. The number of occupied sites per species is indicated at the 
```

bottom x-axis, while the top x-axis represents the proportion of occupied sites. 
The left y-axis label species names (in parenthesis) and their rank by increasing 

> prevalence. With this figure we see that 82.6% of the species
> have a non-missing adult body mass in the species by trait `data.frame`, while
> only 54.4% have a non-missing maximum longevity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevalence. Note that for readability constraints, only a limited number of species are labeled on the y-axis, but they are all displayed as dots on the plot.
```

The red dashed vertical line shows the corresponding species coverage with
labels indicating the proportion and corresponding number of species (n = 104).

### Plotting the number of traits per species

> You can also represent the number of traits available per species. Representing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also display the number of traits available per species. Showing
```

proportion of species). The y-axis shows the number of each traits. Note that
the categories are nested: the set of species with at least 1 trait contains the
set of species with at least 2 traits, and so on and so forth. By definition all
species have 0 or more known traits, but we show that in the plot as a reference to
see how the proportion decreases with increasing number of traits. The
proportion is shown as text above each dot representing it. So for example,
there are 62.4% species with at least 4 traits.

This plot does not tell us if all species with at least 4 traits share the same

> trait combination (they are multiple 4 trait combinations), but it's a first indication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trait combination (there are multiple 4 trait combinations), but it's a first indication.
```

proportion of species). The y-axis shows the number of each traits. Note that
the categories are nested: the set of species with at least 1 trait contains the
set of species with at least 2 traits, and so on and so forth. By definition all

> species have at least 0 trait, but we show that in the plot as a reference to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
species have 0 or more known traits, but we show that in the plot as a reference to
```

see how the proportion decreases with increasing number of traits. The
proportion is shown as text above each dot representing it. So for example,
there are 62.4% species with at least 4 traits.

> This plot does not give us if this proportion of species corresponds to the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plot does not tell us if all species with at least 4 traits share the same
```

> traits combination but it's a first indication.

Reviewer: Here "trait combination" should be singular because we're referring to a specific combination (at least 4 traits).

```suggestion
trait combination (they are multiple 4 trait combinations), but it's a first indication.
```

```

The x-axis represents individual traits ranked in alphabetical order from left
to right. The y-axis represents different combinations. The labels on the y-axis
indicate both the number and the frequency of each combination. When the cell is

> blue it means that the trait is present and when it is red it means the trait is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blue it means that the trait is present, when it is red it means the trait is
```

The most complete combinations are shown at the bottom, while the combinations
with most missing traits are at the top.

### Displaying traits correlations

Most of the plot functions in `funbiogeo` show traits independently of one

> another. However, for functional biogeography analyses, traits correlations maybe

Author: Thx for this. Didn't know
